[TEACH cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended
to win a tournament
that promised the Flame-Flame
fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when
Law was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to the
palace to save him.
Meanwhile, beneath
Dressrosa, Usopp,
and the Tontatta have
begun an operation
to take down Doflamingo.
[LEO, INHEL]
Tail Hammer!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
[USOPP]
Y’know what? Fine!
I think I have plan!
Maybe I can pull this
off without fighting!
[USOPP]
All right, listen to Usoland!
I am taking command
of this operation!
Our target is a
little girl, right?
So we’re not gonna fight her.
We’re gonna scare her
out of her wits!
[DWARVES]
Yes, sir!
Uh... Actually, uh...
Lead the way, my brave friends!
[DWARVES cheer]
To the tower! Straight ahead!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Huh?
I’m seizing this lift!
Do not make a move.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H groans]
You’re too slow!
[REBECCA whimpers]
I don’t want to fight!
I don’t want to
practice anymore!
Why can’t you
keep protecting me?
I’m nothing but a toy,
beaten by the wind and rain.
My body rusts.
[gasps]
What does a toy
like you even want?
Why are you fighting us?
I’m here, because I
want a kingdom at peace,
where my child can live happily!
To that end, I shall
fight for King Riku!
Wha...? What just happened?
This is chaos!
I’m speechless, folks!
Just like that, the
whole ring is out cold!
The match has ended
in an instant.
But there’s no winner
to speak of!
Wait! Do you see that?
In the smoke, one
fighter begins to rise!
[LUFFY]
"“The End of the Match?!
A Surprising Result of Block D!"”
This is a baffling bombshell
to that all-out battle folks!
[GYATS] It appears that
all 20-something remaining
brawlers have somehow
been knocked unconscious!
What is this twist of events?
I have never seen
anything like this
in the history of the Corrida
Colosseum, ladies and gentlemen!
What’s this? Do my
eyes deceive me?
I think I can
make out the figure
of someone struggling
to stand up!
Could this potentially
be our winner?
[GYATS]
Is this the fighter responsible
for our shock and awe?
What?!
[REBECCA panting]
R... Rebecca?
[GYATS]
Rebecca is our lone survivor?
[CROWD]
Huh?
[CROWD booing]
[REBECCA
panting]
[GYATS] Folks, we have seen
a spectacular showcase
of fan-favorites and
behemoth front-runners today.
Yet shockingly, not
one remains standing!
The contestant who will be
moving into the final round,
and our Corrida Battle
Tournament Block D Winner is...
...unbelievably,
from the bloodline
of the disgraced King Riku,
the Prisoner Gladiator,
Rebecca!
[CROWD booing]
What a rip off!
Yeah, screw you!
I know you cheated
somehow, Rebecca!
[MAN C]
Fess up already!
[INMATES cheering]
I don’t understand
how she did it.
All I noticed
was a cloud of dust,
then everyone went belly up.
[INMATE B] Do the details
really matter here, boys?
Rebecca gets to move
onto the next round!
[STREET CROWD booing]
[WOMAN B] I can’t believe
this. She cheated!
She beat Cavendish? No way!
I call shenanigans!
Admiral Orlumbus
wouldn’t lose to her!
It was the slicing
winds of Rommel.
[MARINE OFFICER A]
What’s that, sir?
[BASTILLE] You don’t know?
It was quite the story.
Years ago, there was an odd
phenomenon tormenting Rommel.
[ROMMEL MAN A,
ROMMEL WOMAN A panting]
[ROMMEL WOMAN A yelps]
[screams]
[BASTILLE] It was said
that, late at night,
terrorizing gusts of wind
would slice right through
the kingdom’s innocent citizens.
A Naval unit was dispatched
to investigate the issue.
[ROMMEL MARINE A groans]
[BASTILLE] But unfortunately,
these winds also claimed
the lives of a few
good men that day.
[BASTILLE] However, we did
come to learn the cause
of that dreadful cutting zephyr.
Disturbingly, it was
a human responsible
for the callous attacks.
A man who referred
to himself as "“Hakuba."”
Regrettably, to this very day,
the fiend remains at large.
Even after the incident
in Rommel Kingdom,
there have been similar reports
of Hakuba in other regions.
And wherever Hakuba
has been sighted,
there just so happens
to be another pirate
around at the same time.
[MARINE OFFICER A]
What?
[gasps]
[SULEIMAN] You cannot
escape my blade, wench.
[grunts]
[SULEIMAN]
Out of my way!
[gasps]
[CAVENDISH grunts]
[REBECCA]
Is something wrong with him?
[snores]
[REBECCA]
He fell asleep?
[grunts]
[COMPETITORS]
Huh?
[yelling]
[ALL groaning]
[yelps]
[groaning]
[MARINE C]
H-He’s a sleepwalker?
[BASTILLE]
Correct.
Hakuba only awakens while
Cavendish is fast asleep.
One could even refer to him
as a sort of alter-ego.
Although it’s technically
Hakuba who killed people,
Cavendish had no other choice
but to become a pirate
as a consequence.
I kinda feel bad
for the poor bastard.
[BASTILLE]
Don’t waste your pity on him!
The fool relishes in the
notoriety this brings him.
Indulge in sympathy
and he might best you.
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[BASTILLE] He is already
a prodigy swordsman as is.
But Hakuba’s skills could
put Cavendish’s to shame.
Of course, he still
has to fall asleep
to have his alter-ego appear.
So as you can imagine,
that doesn’t always play out
as planned, especially
in a battle royale.
[snoring]
There’s no way Rebecca won this!
Search her!
I’m sure she has a pistol!
[MAN F]
Just eliminate her!
She must’ve done something!
[groans]
Should we interfere?
Why would we?
Well, to check Rebecca
for foul play.
There’s no need to.
[ATTENDANT A]
Hm?
We always scrutinize
her, even more so
than standard coliseum
regulations demand.
Her equipment is perhaps
in the poorest condition
out of all the competitors.
Here in the Corrida Coliseum,
the winner is the winner,
no matter who it is.
It’s not our job
to manipulate facts
or spoil someone’s victory.
Hot damn.
She dominated that without
landing a single blow!
Always more than one
way to win a fight.
Also,
I don’t think it came
down to just luck either,
as she was the only one to
see through Hakuba’s attacks.
Huh? Woah!
That means you could
see all the slashes?
I mean, of course you did,
since you’re you!
Anyway, no matter who
the winner may be,
I can’t let them get their
hands on the Flame-Flame Fruit.
[Goodie! I was gettin' antsy!
The finals are finally here!
Woo! [laughs]
[REBECCA]
I made it.
Strong Right!
Huh? This again?
So cool!
He’s pretty much just
toying with that robot guy!
[WOMAN C]
Come on, Señor!
Just kick that trash
can’s ass already!
Heh.
I feel sorry for you
poor misguided dames.
No one bothered to teach you
how cool cyborgs can be!
[FRANKY] Take a peep
at this beautiful bod!
Huh? What’s cool about that?
I don’t really get
what your deal is.
Please. Señor’s swagger stomps
your pedestrian looks
into the ground.
[SEÑOR]
Shut your mouths.
Try showing some
maturity for a change.
You should know better than to
mock a man for his appearance.
[gasps] I messed up?
[SEÑOR]
That’s right.
This pacifier here
in my mouth...
...and this cute pink bib...
...are not accessories
I’m wearing
to attract dime-
a-dozen bimbos.
This is my style.
And it shows the world who I am.
[BOTH gasp, sigh]
Oh, I'm so sorry!
Please forgive us!
I now see the error of our ways!
If I’m being honest with you,
I do kind of dig
the whole cyborg vibe.
[SEÑOR]
Ladies just don’t get it.
Yeah? Go on.
It’s a shame.
Even if I respect you as a man,
it’s my job to defeat
you as an enemy.
[FRANKY]
Heh. Figured as much.
[DOFLAMINGO cackles]
See that, old man?
Your granddaughter sure is
lucky, if I do say so myself.
[DOLDO grunts]
Who’d have guessed
that this little
fighting tournament would
become a family affair?
Your majesty. What happened?
Willing to throw some elbows
for a bite of
devil fruit are we?
Look how low the
mighty have fallen.
[DOLDO]
Rebecca.
You know something?
I noticed that
your entire family
has been acting
a bit off today.
And that includes sweet
little Violet’s betrayal.
I don’t really believe
in coincidences.
So is it some
sort of anniversary?
I shouldn’t have
to explain my motive.
But the actions you
took this morning...
[CP-0 AGENT A] We’ve journeyed
to your island to address rumors
concerning Doflamingo’s
abdication of the throne
and retirement from
the Seven Warlords.
It was a false report.
Simply a mistake.
When I had gotten word
that this small sliver
of ailing hope had been
too good to be true,
it reignited my passion to
want to stand up and fight
for everything in the
kingdom once more.
That was all.
Oh! [chuckles]
Isn’t that heroic?
Still trying the earn the
people’s favor after so long.
But Viola must have
her own motivations.
Unlike you, she would
never be caught
acting on her emotions alone.
A cunning and calculating
tramp, that one.
Bet she’s weighing
her options now.
She put so much stock
in this rookie.
But look what’s become of him.
"“The Warlord."” "“Trafalgar Law."”
And that boy, who became
famous two years ago,
with the demon
blood in his veins.
Monkey D. Luffy.
How pathetic. I imagine
the ignorant shrew
was banking on those two
"“heroes"” to strike me down cold.
[DOFLAMINGO] Yet here’s Law,
barely clinging to life.
And Straw Hat will never
get to leave the coliseum.
Not as a human being, at least.
As of right now, the only member
of the Straw Hat crew
who’s doing anything
is that Cyborg Franky,
who’s reportedly attacking
the Toy House
unassisted as we speak.
[FRANKY yells]
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] But I have
faith my family executives
will take care of him.
His other allies:
the Pirate Hunter Zoro,
Firefox Kin’emon,
Nico Robin,
and Sniper King remain at large.
But I highly doubt they
can get anywhere near
my underground factory.
[USOPP]
Hello, sir!
Oh! New recruits?
Sir!
Good. We could
always use the help.
Now, the job down here
is pretty easy.
You just keep all
these toys in line.
Yeah, that’s it?
Seems simple enough, but I
really don’t know much about
this stuff, so do you
think you could show me?
I learn better from example.
[WICKA] There’s gonna
be a lift just up ahead!
Okay, listen carefully!
The palace where Doflamingo
is lurking, the Toy House,
and the trade port
where the SMILE factory
is located are all connected.
[KIN’EMON] In other words,
infiltrating the palace
allows us to ingress
the other locations?
[WICKA]
That’s right!
To get access to the factory,
you have to either pass through
the palace or enter
through the Toy House.
The only other way inside
is through the trade port
in a secret tunnel that
my people and I dug.
The most direct route
for us to take
is through the palace!
[KIN’EMON]
Very well. Understood!
Although, I am still in a state
of disbelief over such wee folk,
in spite of one standing
before my very eyes.
Yeah, these guys
are great, huh?
She’s like a toy!
[ZORO] There were hundreds
more of '‘em, too.
[LUFFY]
Oh, man!
I can’t wait to see that!
[WICKA]
We don’t show ourselves often.
We’re told that we shouldn’t.
We’re only supposed
to allow the Big People
of the Royal Family to see us.
But you guys, the
Straw Hat Usolanders
are the exception to that rule!
[KIN’EMON]
Uso... landers?
[WICKA] There’s no time
to explain all the details now!
Operation SOP is
already underway!
Okay! You can see it there!
[gasps]
[WICKA] That’s the lift
entrance to the palace
I was telling you about.
Oh, wow!
We can ride it all the
way to the top, huh?
[WICKA] The only problem is,
to use the lift,
we have to show a pass
to a security guard.
Let’s just kick his butt.
[WICKA]
No! If you make a huge scene,
it’ll just bring us
unnecessary attention!
What’s so bad about that?
You big bubblehead!
I’m having my doubts
about trusting you people!
I’m stuck with a blockhead who
gets lost and some simpleton
who wants to solve
everything with his fists!
[ZORO]
What did you call me, you runt?
Somebody’s there.
[WICKA gasps]
They already know we’re here!
[LUFFY]
You want something?
Are you Straw Hat Luffy?
Yeah. What’s up?
[ZORO, KIN’EMON]
Don’t tell her!
Come with me.
I’m here to help guide
you into the palace.
--[ZORO] Huh?
--[WICKA gasps]
[KIN’EMON]
Huh?
[WICKA]
Huh?!
[NARRATOR] Luffy and the
others meet up with Violet
to sneak their way
into the royal palace.
Meanwhile, Fujitora’s true
intentions are revealed,
which in turn pits Navy admiral
against Warlord of the Sea.
Now, an already
explosive situation
has become even more volatile!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"“The Admiral’s Decision!
Fujitora vs. Doflamingo!"”
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!